## Installing another OS with kodi
The kodi E-Z setup script is a way to install Ubuntu/LibreELEC (LibreELEC is a streaming service) with dual-boot so you can run ChromeOS and Ubuntu/LibreELEC. To run the script, type `cd; curl -LO https://mrchromebox.tech/setup-kodi.sh && sudo bash setup-kodi.sh` in a developer shell (◉) and press enter. (copy/paste to avoid typos - the 2nd curl parameter is a capital O, not a zero). If you encounter an error, then add the -k parameter to the end of the command. `cd; curl -LOk https://mrchromebox.tech/setup-kodi.sh && sudo bash setup-kodi.sh -k`. 

For Ubuntu, type `1` and press enter. (If a warning pops up, type `y` and press enter) It should say how much storage you want to allocate to a partition. You should allocate about 1GB less than the recommended, so that if something goes wrong you have enough storage in ChromeOS to see if anyone on social media can help. After you had pressed enter, the device will reboot, and ChromeOS will “Repair” itself and it will wipe the partition you allocated and chrome will reboot. You just need to sign in and re-run the script.

Now you will see a step which asks you what Ubuntu flavour you would like to install. You can look up each option in Google if you want. GalliumOS is probably the best option as it is built with ChromeOS in mind. When you type the distribution you want, press enter. You will need to restart your chromebook after it downloads and instead of pressing ctrl + D press ctrl + L before making changes to the boot options in case something goes wrong.
